happy: Happiness is not by chance, but by choice.
happy: The purpose of our lives is to be happy.
happy: Happiness is the secret to all beauty. There is no beauty without happiness.
happy: For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness.
happy: Happiness is a warm puppy.
happy: The most simple things can bring the most happiness.
happy: Happiness depends upon ourselves.
happy: Happiness is the best makeup.
happy: Happiness is only real when shared.
happy: Happiness is not something ready-made. It comes from your own actions.
happy: The secret of happiness is freedom, the secret of freedom is courage.
happy: Happiness is a direction, not a place.
happy: Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.
happy: Happiness is a state of mind. It's just according to the way you look at things.
happy: Happiness is not having what you want. It is appreciating what you have.
happy: Happiness is an inside job.
happy: Happiness is a choice that requires effort at times.
happy: Happiness is the art of never holding in your mind the memory of any unpleasant thing that has passed.
happy: Happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting some on yourself.
happy: Happiness is found in doing, not merely possessing.
sad: Tears come from the heart and not from the brain.
sad: Every human walks around with a certain kind of sadness. They may not wear it on their sleeves, but it's there if you look deep.
sad: sadness flies away on the wings of time.
sad: The word 'happy' would lose its meaning if it were not balanced by sadness.
sad: sad things happen. They do. But we don't need to live sad forever.
sad: There are moments when I wish I could roll back the clock and take all the sadness away, but I have a feeling that if I did, the joy would be gone as well.
sad: The walls we build around us to keep sadness out also keep out the joy.
sad: You cannot protect yourself from sadness without protecting yourself from happiness.
sad: sadness is but a wall between two gardens.
sad: Tears are words that need to be written.
sad: To have felt too much is to end in feeling nothing.
sad: sadness is almost never anything but a form of fatigue.
sad: The sad truth is that the truth is sad.
sad: Experiencing sadness and anger can make you feel more creative, and by being creative, you can get beyond your pain or negativity.
sad: It's sad when someone you know becomes someone you knew.
sad: Every life has a measure of sorrow, and sometimes this is what awakens us.
sad: Sometimes, when one person is missing, the whole world seems depopulated.
sad: Heavy hearts, like heavy clouds in the sky, are best relieved by the letting of a little water.
sad: sadness is also a kind of defense.
sad: We never taste happiness in perfection, our most fortunate successes are mixed with sadness.
